this is SB Nation live at the Super Bowl
and by live I mean taped and by the
Super Bowl I mean Arizona generally
we're alive yes that counts and we're
here to talk about prop bets the most
important part of yes not the game
itself but the bets that you can make of
course this is only for entertainment
purposes right and for college fund
purposes ah because if you take our
gambling advice you deserve everything
that happens to you let's start at the
very beginning of the game or the game a
very good place to start idina menzel
how long will take her to sing the
national anthem the over/under is at two
minutes in one second what are your
thoughts okay so obviously she comes
from a Broadway background you think
maybe she's going to embrace the
theatricality of it but I'm gonna go
ahead and take the under on this one
really yeah i was thinking over i
remember when alicia keys did it a
couple years back and then just trill
ever every single note was drawn out to
its me i think i think they are drilling
into these performers just do the song
and do it well and don't like mess with
it a lot interesting I would have
guessed the over but you know what I
guess we'll just have to find out yeah I
up next we'll Marshawn Lynch grab his
crotch after scoring a TD in the game I
am tempted yes is plus 400 that so if he
scores a touchdown he has been grabbing
his crotch a lot with regularity however
Pete Carroll said that he was going to
talk to Marshawn about that and with the
NFL threatening a 15-yard penalty to go
with that maybe not as likely yeah I
would I think he might actually pull
something new out I don't know what it
would be maybe grab the nips yeah rub
rub yeah it could be it could be there
are so many erogenous zone there's a
rabbit there's more than I can count uh
what color will bill belichick's hoodie
be yeah gray one to two blue 724 or red
seven to one I would throw read write
out the readout bad i don't like it all
i was intrigued i buy blue because he
has done great historically more so than
any other color however the last two
playoff games the Patriots have been in
it he is gone blue long sleeve not its
leaves not chopped off right however
with the Seahawks wearing their blue
jerseys at the Super Bowl
making the Patriots wear white maybe he
goes great maybe he wears blue so that
he can infiltrate the Seattle sideline
hey hey guys just you know over here
change in the water don't mind me par
for the course yeah let's check what are
your thoughts on there I like blue
further reasons that role he just will
do whatever he wants he doesn't care
what the players are the ones who have
to wear a certain color uniform he can I
mean when his bill belichick ever worn
what other people expected him to wear
this is true so and then I've got how
many times will Katy Perry be mentioned
in the first half I like this one the
over/under is one and a half i like the
over easily yeah way NBC is gonna be
promoting its halftime show you'll hear
her name easily more than one an apt
let's let's stay on Katie parent okay
another bet you can make on this game is
what her what color her hair will be at
the start of the halftime show I like
the idea that it could possibly change
during the halftime I wouldn't rule that
out things they can do with wigs these
days and fire sure um there are a litany
of colors you can choose from the long
shot right now is purple at five-to-one
now brown and brown / black which is
where it was variety a day or when she
came out to talk to the press that was a
presently she's presently brunette right
um I was thinking probably Reds out cuz
that aligns with a patriot true I am
intrigued by blue / green as three two
one yeah as if she comes out with blue
hair it's either team really I I say I
say go for that long shot go through
long I mean she's gonna she's I think
she's gonna do something colorful and
which color she's going to choose i have
no meaningful opinion just take the
money I want to talk I've got two bets
that I want to talk about four in game
okay the first total passing attempts
for Tom Brady over/under is 35 and a
half and I like the over yeah the last
time they seems played in 2012 obviously
they're different teams but the Patriots
attack is still very similar whereas and
the the seahawks defense is still very
similar that they can give up short
passing games and with Brady having
thrown 58 last time obviously that's a
huge number but they led most that game
that wasn't them trying to play catch-up
they were easily in control of that game
that's just how their attack works end
and he's thrown at least 35 passes
the exception of that week 17 bills game
he didn't really play and I think all
the way back to week 10 or something so
yeah the only we talked about this
before him the only way it feels like
this might not happen is if somehow
Seattle just sits on the ball for most
of the game and you know forces a lot of
three and outs and they just don't have
the opportunity to throw a lot of that
sure but in general I'd say the over the
better bet yeah and then the other the
other Beth I like first score in the
game not a touchdown at plus 1 45 yeah
great odds like that for two teams that
well the Seahawks tend to start slow so
I can see them starting at the field
goal the Patriots of course we'll have
to score it would have to score a
touchdown on the Seahawks often are on
the sale seahawks defense which is
fantastic in the red zone so i think the
odds of their the first car being a
field goal or even a safety think we've
seen that before too I like that one a
lot yeah I think that's a good one um
Russell Wilson the over/under four
interceptions in this game is that a
half so you're getting equal odds that
he either won't throw any picks or we'll
throw at least one I'm gonna go ahead
and say take the over here because the
pats have only had five games all year
where they didn't intercept a pass down
the stretch Russell Wilson was not as
good taking care of the ball and you
know it it's not that hard you just you
get a bad tip of receiver bobbles the
ball the wrong way and now it's suddenly
an interception doesn't have to be a
mistake on Russell Wilson's park yeah
yeah I think that's probably one of the
safer bets you can make not that you
should be making bets and this video was
entirely for entertainment purposes
whenever you want this is SB Nation
enjoy the super bowl